CHAPTER 2: THE RAINWOOD TRAIL

Rainwater dripped steadily from the trees above.

Far below the cliffs, waves crashed against dark rocks hidden beneath the fog.

Nom unfolded the map carefully beneath his torch light.

“Uhhh, Nom? Do you… even know how to read this?” Pom asked suspiciously as she leaned closer to the map.

Nom looked mildly offended.

“Poma please,” he said confidently. “I was personally trained by Master Roshi in the ancient arts of hyper-vigilant navigation, spatial awareness, and dangerous… dangerous martial arts. The least I can do is read a map.”

Pom gave Nom the side-eye as she snorted softly.

“You used me as protection against a honey bee once. I think my lack of confidence is more than justified.”

Nom continued walking calmly through the forest path. He was unfazed by her comment.

“I put you where I could see you,” he explained. “To protect you from that dangerous bloodthirsty honeybee.”

He looked so sure of himself.

Pom rolled her eyes and decided it wasn’t worth arguing anymore.

“Mhhmm… of course.”

The murky path twisted through towering trees covered in black moss thick as velvet. There was warm musty smell in the air, like wet soil.

Mist drifted silently between the trunks.

Somewhere deeper in the forest, rushing water echoed faintly through the darkness.

“Right here,” Nom said confidently as he pointed at the faded markings on the map. “See this? There’s supposed to be a hidden path through the cliffs leading to the sea.”

“And this hidden path leads to…” Pom prompted suspiciously.

Nom lowered his voice dramatically.

“…an ancient ark.”

Pom looked at him immediately.

“Look at you all excited.”

Nom quickly tried to hide his smile.

“What are you saying, I am perfectly calm.”

“Nomi, you’re smiling. You’ve literally turned red”,

Pom laughed softly as Nom finally gave up pretending.

“Alright YES I’m excited,” he admitted. “Pom, we’re going to find an ancient ark.”

Pom laughed softly as rain dripped from leaves of the cedar trees around them.

Then, before she could say anything else, Nom leaned down and kissed her gently on the cheek.

Pom blinked in surprise.

“…What was that for?” as she blushed

Nom shrugged casually as though he hadn’t just completely changed the atmosphere.

“I was just boosting morale. That’s what teammates do,” he said with a cheeky smirk on his face.

Pom stared at him for another second before smiling helplessly to herself.

“Acoustic Nom.” She whispered under her breath, and they continued their search…

“The sailors who built the ark supposedly searched for the Lantern Sea,” Nom explained as they walked deeper into the forest.

Pom looked upward through the trees toward the cloudy night sky.

“…That actually sounds beautiful,” she admitted quietly.

Nom glanced at her for a brief moment before looking ahead again.

“…Yeah.”

For a while, they walked quietly beneath the rain.

Boots crunching softly against wet gravel.

Rain tapping against leaves overhead.

The forest growing darker around them.

Then suddenly-

Nom stopped walking.

“What happened?” Pom asked immediately.

Nom pointed cautiously toward the ground.

“There’s water,” he said as he squinted at the puddle in deep cautious thought.

Pom stared at the tiny puddle.

“…Nom.”

“It’s unusually dark water.”

“It’s… a puddle.”

“We don’t know how deep it is.”

Pom folded her arms.

“You think the puddle connects directly to the Pacific Ocean?”

“What I think… is caution would prevent a documentary from being made about us,” Nom replied seriously as he carefully stepped around it.

Pom laughed quietly to herself and followed behind him.